[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I'm showing
you this study with me which I did when
I was in Greece over the October half
turn so it's quite an old video but I
wanted to share it with you so one of
the days that I was that I decided to
film the studying that I did I didn't do
that much but right here I was writing
an essay on a passage which I really
enjoyed from the Picture of Dorian Gray
[Music]
so then here this is a lot later because
during the day we look wasn't really a
chance to study and but I was just going
over some chemistry quiz deck cards on
faces and buffets
[Music]
then lastly here I was doing some
practice calculations for chemistry
again
[Music]
thank you so much for watching and have
a productive week